README.md, before:

# A shinyapp to look at the impact of the RCCPII Capacity Development Initiative in South Africa

### Authors
Katrin Tirok, Anelda van der Walt

### Description

[RCCPII](https://tenet-rccpii.github.io/rccpii-2018/) is the Rural Campuses Connection Project phase II. 

Since 2010 RCCP I and RCCP II have been working with stakeholders to bring Internet connectivity to various higher education and research sites around South Africa. The project is a collaboration between DHET, USAF, TENET, and others.

This app summarises the impact of the Capacity Development Initiative within RCCPII in terms of activities that have taken place and the beneficiaries of the initiative. The app can be used to explore activities and beneficiaries on a map and to draw plots with different combinations of categories. These plots can be downloaded for inclusion in presentations or reports.
The packrat folder contains a list with all R packages and their versions used in this shiny app.

### Licensing
This app is published under the [MIT license](https://github.com/katrintirok/rccpii-shinyapp/blob/master/LICENSE).

Commit message:

add infos on repository content

README.md, after:

# A shinyapp to look at the impact of the RCCPII Capacity Development Initiative in South Africa

### Authors
Katrin Tirok, Anelda van der Walt

### Description

[RCCPII](https://tenet-rccpii.github.io/rccpii-2018/) is the Rural Campuses Connection Project phase II. 

Since 2010 RCCP I and RCCP II have been working with stakeholders to bring Internet connectivity to various higher education and research sites around South Africa. The project is a collaboration between DHET, USAF, TENET, and others.

This app summarises the impact of the Capacity Development Initiative within RCCPII in terms of activities that have taken place and the beneficiaries of the initiative. The app can be used to explore activities and beneficiaries on a map and to draw plots with different combinations of categories. These plots can be downloaded for inclusion in presentations or reports.

### Content
- app.R: code for the actual shiny app consisting of the UI part (user interface) and the Server logic for shiny 
- data are loaded in app.R from this [Figshare repository](https://figshare.com/articles/RCCPII_Data/7928480) 
- app_data: contains additional files for app, images etc.
- app_functions: contains functions for making maps and plots
- packrat: contains a list with all R packages and their versions used in this shiny app

### Licensing
This app is published under the [MIT license](https://github.com/katrintirok/rccpii-shinyapp/blob/master/LICENSE).
